hey everybody welcome back northern land
please finding Mize again to earth plus
in his daily time I did skip yesterday's
daily again time got away from me uh but
two days ago one hundred and second
place one point to one percent overall
pretty good score not absurdly amazing
but pretty good today's run is a Maggie
run that goes to Mom's foot and the
highest scores well it's not look at the
high let's look at like them the median
of the top thirty is like thirty five
thousand thirty five thousand to me
indicates it's not a run that ends oh
man that's an interesting conundrum
there is the speed upgrade so we should
just take that right off the bat I saw
you look know skype messages for four
hours earlier today I start this runs
been going for fifty two seconds I got a
message from bear Flynn hooks room
difficulty balance is bad this good it's
I swear to you that I'm not suggesting
that it's willfully done maliciously I'm
just saying maybe like they see oh you
know Isaac baby sign on a play Isaac and
they're like that reminds me I should
look at my computer and then they look
at the sky message just the strange
coincidence is all I'm saying I'm not
suggesting there's any malice anyway
what I was going to say is I think that
it is conceivable we find a seem a
thirty five thousand point daily
indicates I would suggest maybe a
teleportation after boss rush that also
allows us to get to a self sacrifice
room which allows us to get to the lamb
fight that seems to be roughly a 30,000
ish point range I mean that those are
top thirty scores which also you know
those are great you know the very high
scores I've had like four day leaves in
my afterbirth plus like that have hit
that level so we maybe shouldn't be
looking at those necessarily as a
representation I tend to fall somewhere
between 50 and 150 much of the time but
okay this room is getting a little silly
the clicker is such an interesting
choice but it
also suicidal if it just rear old your
character I would use it because you
know no love loss for Maggie here she's
fine but you know considering you could
reroll yourself into his nasal or reroll
yourself into not Azazel but also a good
character such as Dark Judas I would be
interested the problem is those are like
two outcomes that are decent but I don't
want to be blue baby I don't want to be
the lost that don't want to be the
keeper and then also when you re role
using the clicker you lose an item I'm
not sure if you lose an item every time
or if you just lose an item now and then
but you do lose items so it's just it's
not even about the saying at this point
it's just like it doesn't make sense to
me now that being said I am going to go
back and use it because I'm an idiot
and also because I understand the value
proposition for watching youtube.com
slash northernlion is that he is an
idiot so ivory rolled myself I've become
Lilith which effectively is just a 0.15
speed increase apparently without way
did we get HP out of that as well no
which without box of friends is actually
bad like actually bad which is another
reason we should not have done this
reroll also it just throws like you know
for daily purposes it throws a monkey
wrench into our plans you know because
we got to get to boss rush we got things
to do however there are synergies with
Lilith with little lifts but to be
honest with you it's probably a
situation where we're looking to re-roll
the character as soon as possible so I'm
not going to act like this has just cost
us the run because we do have blood clot
which is at least a modestly decent item
it is a damage upgrade at the very least
should open that okay we got our key
back and we've got a lock upgrade which
is very nice and maybe almost enough
money to buy a spirit heart which is
probably the closest thing we get the
mission critical right now because being
able to have a spirit hard to ensure
that our
deal with the devil goes okay or at
least exists is fairly important to me I
don't think we've passed up a tinted
rock so far can't get that I guess we're
just going to fight the boss then I'm
sort of hesitant because in case it
isn't abundantly clear I do want to use
the clicker but the clicker also causes
us to lose items at least on occasion I
honestly haven't used it enough to know
how frequent the item loss is which is a
little bit of a you know a
reconnaissance problem on my part it's
an intelligence problem however if I
take a good deal with the devil I can't
afford to use the clicker because it'll
cost me you know perhaps the feather in
my cap so we might just stick with
Lilith's for this whole run but it's
actually it's probably like on a daily
it's probably as good to be Maggie as it
is to be Lilith
but then combine that with the fact that
we're not actually Lilith we're like a
Lilith composite that unfortunately does
not have box of friends so boss Rush is
not necessarily going to be as easy for
us as it would normally be with Lilith
and all of a sudden you can see why I'm
slightly displeased but latchkey is fine
and I will take I of Belial basically
because we can and I'm going to go back
because crack the sky is actually fine
but it's not good enough to write home
about so it's a tough call that probably
should have hit me we could look for a
secret room which could make the shop
worthwhile it would also give us two
cents two cents has a good chance of
giving us enough money to get another
reroll from the shop which is what I'm
gonna cite from the item room which is
what I'm worried about right now it's
making sure that I can reroll crack this
guy into something that's a little bit
more universally useful this is probably
our secret room so let's check oh I
should have been the other one dang it
four cents was not enough that's a
little maddening we got to check the
shop just in case of sweet room it's not
sweet room so then the next step is I
think I'm going to click and we lost I
of the Lyle but we became dark Judas so
that's where we stopped using the
clicker because we hit oil and we really
got lucky to be in this situation about
being honest with you because we have
seven damage we lost our good item like
we lost I of Belial that we spent two HP
on however we have seven damage so we
don't need aya Belial anymore so I think
that might be our first seem and if I'm
going to toot my own horn a little bit
so seem I don't think a whole heck of a
lot of people are going to get because
you'd have to be an idiot to even try
for it so you know sometimes who dares
wins should be rephrased sometimes into
you know sometimes the idiots prevail in
spite of themselves so lucky me I
suppose and we'll all that was just
God's right into the shot out of
impatience but it's okay we got a big
lead I would suggest right here
especially considering that you know the
loss of I of Belial is pretty bad
piercing shots is a great item but in
order to double our damage you know you
can't make an omelet without breaking a
few eggs probably so I think we should
be relatively happy
it may be overjoyed with the way that
this went I mean I suggested there were
a couple of characters I'd be interested
in
dark Jew just being one is asel being
another I would take either we got in as
asel that would have been fine as well
obviously but in fact Azazel might
actually be better for the purposes of
like surviving and killing enemies
quickly except for the obvious like
range problems but dark judas is also
also up there at the very least just
keep yourself back here where I would
say on schedules which means I would
like to go a little faster just to keep
ourselves you know as safe as possible
I think Giga being is a terrible item
it's even more terrible than items that
are actually bad because it almost
convinces you that it's good if it's
almost like the opposite of like the
Krampus is head Scituate oh come on it's
almost the opposite of the Krampus is
head situation where you're like well no
it's exactly the same as the Krampus is
head situation post change I wouldn't
even say nerf necessarily of a post
change where sometimes it rotates and
sometimes it doesn't
it would just be twenty times more
valuable if you knew where the rocks
were going to go once every three rooms
to get a really potent you know beam
attack that takes up your space bar item
slot that seems relatively fair to me
and this is where crack this guy can
show that it's actually better than I've
ever given it credit for and I
appreciate that I am going to go I'm
going to go because I don't want to stay
here I don't want to find myself getting
too far behind schedule basically crack
this guy might be a good that's fine I
wanted to see if it was a demon judgment
so we can easily gain access there but
this is okay
practice guy might be a decent boss rush
item as well I don't know this is uh
it's not that bad little low on HP no
question about that I mean the big
problem right now
basically hate that is that we find
ourselves
unaware of just how the heck
we're gonna beat the seam right now you
know this run goes to help this run goes
to mom we're going to finish with like
less than 20,000 points probably even
less than that but that's you know
secondary right now I am going to take
it this is why I'm stoked that we waited
a little bit longer because now we have
learned not waited and stoked that we
went a little bit faster than usual
because now we have time to take care of
stuff like this where we can actually
get a spirit hard for free that was
really lucky and we needed that spirit R
because the deal with the devil is not
doing us any favors so dare we roll the
dice twice you know I know when Yahtzee
you roll the dice three times but I'm
not sure I'm all about that lifestyle I
always thought that three times seemed a
little brazen to me once sure you know
live your life like there's no tomorrow
twice alright you know everyone needs a
second chance three times what do you
try to sell me on here Parker Brothers I
don't understand but the thing is we
don't really have an option we either
have holy water or data miner data miner
is bad but we could use it once and
possibly get lucky and and I don't want
to say win but you know we could beat
data miner if that makes sense
effectively we could get a good stat
increase without a bad stat decrease and
then that would be like we picked up a
weird like experimental pill or
something in there whereas holy water is
bad but can never actually actively hurt
us like data miner does so it's a tough
call a luck upgrade is nice although not
immediately useful and of course
brimstone is outrageously good we have
to take it but it does raise the
question of what the heck are we going
to do all you jerk I don't know if it's
worth that five cents yet does raise the
question of what we're going to do for
HP especially if we need to play a
self-sacrifice room later well a good
opportunity we have dark bomb or
something like that but again I have a
hard time believing that we haven't
played this run right we have brimstone
10.38 damage we're about two minutes
ahead of schedule and I'm going to burn
up a lot of that goodwill right here but
look at the speed at which we're going
through these enemies we've got to see
if this is a lucky shop it's not but
it's not unlucky to fight greed here and
put us in a great spot for a shop on the
next floor we also can play this
judgement and there's a good chance the
judgement will actually give us HP if he
doesn't give us HP could give us mapping
both of which could be useful I think we
might be fairly well equipped to perform
well today but we still got to find a
way to get past boss rush I don't think
that I don't think the clicker was the
way I mean it's fast ball said anybody's
use the road as around it is paved in
gold remember as much as that song as I
would like one of my friends in eighth
grade we had to do like a lyric analysis
thing in English class or we picked a
song that we liked and then we analyzed
the lyrics of one of my friends did the
road by fastball that was a great choice
I did a song called Savior by the Red
Hot Chili Peppers that I didn't even
really like but I was like every other
song on Californication is about
fingering someone so you know I chose
the little deeper cuts like track eleven
didn't make it on the radio
highly regretful what a wasted the
assignment on the other hand I had
another classmate that did an analysis
of the song come on over baby by
Christina Aguilera which is just a song
that's basically like hey babe come over
I can't my parents aren't home and then
a gift of a rally car going over a hill
if you know what I mean
well
what should I say here you know Zayn
eNOS has served me well on today's I
mean I guess we'll take US has served me
well on today's run
maybe we should mine for data just once
just one time we got a luck downgrade
for a shot speed Oh we can still take
this
I'm not going to roll data miner long
term cuz that's stupid
basically we picked up holy mantle and a
lockdown so be it that's not bad really
a lockdown is obviously worse than holy
mantle is good but by the way this value
proposition here might be bad our only
bomb for a nickel but I did it anyway
hoping that we can you know use that
nickel to help us disproportionately as
well
mystery sack could potentially be an
item that pulls us out of the darkness
here I mean we're not in it's one of
those things where I've got to clarify
it's only the fact that we're on a daily
that makes this run sort of questionable
right now if this run just went we would
be fine because we would easily be able
to win I mean two HP is still a little
dicey but probably it would be
relatively easy for us to win now you're
not going to like this decision too much
I think but I'm going to choose not to
take Samson's chain because it's too
much of a liability around mushrooms and
it's with a heavy heart that I say that
because cracking skulls could give us
the tools that we need to survive on
this run like every single one of those
skulls could have an a waz room it could
have a teleportation card that allows us
to get to a self sacrifice room or
something like that after boss rush you
know you see my conundrum here but right
now our HP is not in a place where we
can justify doing it that's the simple
long and short of it really bad use of
that by the way getting hit by that bomb
is basically catastrophic we now have
one spirit hard left
I think the eternal heart is nice if we
survive the eternal heart is nice and
the bomb was just honestly a failure in
terms of positioning so a speed upgrades
good a health upgrade is also good now
we go back to the red hearts so really
we have beaten the odds ridiculously
with that HP upgrade right there the
eternal heart you know is nice it's not
not nice but it didn't help us
immediately and the health upgrade on
the other hand was a huge get for us so
we will take the quarter and this runs
kind of starting to pop off now with 48
cents I am hoping that at some point we
give the ability to use that for good
don't want to just fight grieves
endlessly in every single shop but not
that I'm complaining for now things have
been pretty solid mystery sack also came
through in the clutch I think I'm just
going to go and that went very well as
well okay we do have HP we have we have
one HP in an eternal heart i told me we
should take that just yet sure we could
become guppy here's how you do this you
take up these collar then you take the
mark which gives you HP back which also
gave us Leviathan I wasn't even thinking
about that but then you take magic mush
which also gives you a stat upgrade so
this is like a way for me to kind of get
a little bit of everything
guppies collar is unlikely to be too
useful oh we had we had more HP than I
thought oh no that's because the HP
matured right there we have more HP now
than I thought we would I thought we'd
have one read hard on one spear at heart
but and this is I imagine we got a date
tech X obviously this is I imagine what
happened to a lot of people on today's
run you're now sitting in a position
where the run is so good are we going to
get trapped
on boss rush if we're going to get
trapped on boss rush maybe it's better
to just play the self-sacrifice room
instead of going but we should really
look for a teleport card because if we
can do both
you know life is going to be pretty
sweet for us not dead
it's portable slot or the jar give us
what we need I don't believe so so yeah
we're very lucky cuz we get a lot of
time if a teleport card exists on this
floor I should really look for it tears
upgrade is wonderful I mean especially
considering we have a brimstone the fact
that our tears upgrade is now taking us
down to an eight rate of fire is awesome
got to go to the cursed room may if
there's a guppy item I will be slightly
regretful but there is and the thing is
our HP at present does not allow us to
play the self-sacrifice room either so
oh we could have been Gumby but does
that really matter in a situation in
which the run will probably end right
now anyway we can't think like that
unfortunately so what's the game plan
now well straight up I think you play
this thing a lot you're trying to get
bombs the keys for money is fine but
we're trying to get bombs and teleport
cards we only have the opportunity at
the present moment to blow up like a
couple of skulls
well there is another place we get
payouts from what's the pill you can't
rely on that being tell appeals we get
payouts from mystery sack on the boss
fight or on boss rush I should say
changes things ever so slightly alright
I think you've done enough here what
makes you small is okay we're still
easily going to be able to make it to
the boss fight you got to check this
just in case because we might end up
again playing self sacrifice room which
throws this whole thing into question
here there's no great opportunities to
place bombs and get multiple skulls so
straight up we're just going to take the
ones that are available to us we already
bought our tarot card from the from the
shop we should kill mom in like no time
flat that's no concern you could go
broke anak and I mean at this point I
think we straight up just have to try
this but and we're looking for a
teleport card primarily take the
polaroid use a bomb here because we may
need that demon heart in order to play
the self-sacrifice room eggheads good
black holes good not good enough though
I'd say you got to go egghead here for
thee which is actually conehead but
forgive me
so you should pretty easily be able to
figure out what the game plan is here
we're trying to get as many mystery sack
payouts as we can
I think mystery sack just paid out with
a penny if we don't get it we don't get
it and maybe we but you've got a to some
extent put yourself in my shoes on this
one if we played the self-sacrifice room
first up there's no way of me knowing
that that's the only way for us to get
off of this floor if it ends up being
the second best way for us to get off of
this floor that's pretty bad but
secondly it didn't look like we
necessarily had the HP to make it a
guaranteed to work regardless maybe we
mean this is a long shot maybe we could
use black hole to open the boss door on
the mom room and it would have been my
mistake for not doing that I would be
bummed if that were the case but I'm not
necessarily saying it's impossible
yeah our game plan right now it's
finished this hopefully teleport out a
boss rush if we get out of boss rush
will play the self-sacrifice room and
hopefully live and if we don't we don't
but there is a chance as low as as I am
to admit it there is a chance that the
right play was actually to take Samson's
chain and crush every single skull we
came across and that's what makes it
daily a daily fortunately or
unfortunately we got marked which is I
mean I don't even know how that works
with this assuming yeah just a really
really nice tears upgrade but weird
we're traps we got no way out dude
that's a super bummer what that means to
me though is that the seam is probably
pretty tough to get so let's see what
our score is today hides the weed number
um yeah that sucks I guess I I missed
the seam that was relatively obvious for
now sorry for the short episode but I'm
as I'm as bummed about it as you are if
you enjoyed it click a like button I was
out a great deal yeah for xx makes sense
I was running it through in my head I
was like they're gonna algorithm right
for the suffix there anyway thanks for
watching hope you guys enjoyed the
episode if you did click
like button helps out a great deal of
course subscribe you wanna see more the
future I'll be back to try to reclaim my
honor tomorrow but again for now thanks
for watching and I'll see you next time